# Achievement during 2nd Half of 2023

## Product
- [Lead] Athena case tracking overhaul
- [Taking Part] Pricing downlifts
- [Taking Part] Badges on BE
- [Taking Part] Promocode
- [Lead] Keyword generator GPT script
- [Taking Part] GTTD automation testing
- [Taking Part] KTO 15% discount campaign

## Tech
- [cleanup] Vault redesign for activities team
- [Initiatives] Activity LLM service
- Centralized Postman collections for the team

## Development in general
- Onboarding Mayur -- activities context, CEG context, Pricing team context,
  some of booking team context
- Starting to question on testing environment for Activities team in general

## Bugs
- exchange rate caching never expire in `activity-search`
- Random old bug surfaced during implementing `C2EM` and `Downlift`
- Some testing environment bug e.g. failed test on booking side, failed
  cucumber test on activities side

# Individual contribution I'll be focusing on below aspects derived from
Software Engineer Career path comparing with my achievement so far.

1. Coding - Best practice, attention to detail As time goes by, my working
style have also evolved. From the previous performance review, I've an issue
where I'm too keen with "just tried it myself " method making it unnecessary
long for some task to be done. In fact, if I just reach out for help from
people who what more knowledge on that certain aspect, it will consume a lot
less time. By adapting this into coding, we will automatically be adjusted to
early review mindset where we'll be asking for people to review the code early
which both help speed-up the process and also covering unknown bug which we
might skip if doing it alone. Same goes into the reviewing process, I often
offer to do early review on something I have context on so we can tackle any
unknown early on. Lastly, one big challenge for this iteration is to coding the
Activity LLM service in Kotlin, which is entirely new language framework for
me. To keep the same level of quality, I'll try to keep the same mindset and
remove any unknown early on.
2. Designing the system As my knowledge on Agoda and Activities grows, past 6
months I've participating in designing multiple systems,
    - Activity LLM service - Designing the service making it easy to implement.
      So, the service will be more inviting for people to contribute. Basically
      trying to make all the core features available in base component and
      additional implementation can be focused on just prompting.
    - Promocode - generalizing the implementation to support multi-product.
      Making it easier for new product(s) to integrate into the system.
      Challenging point is the product is very mature and complex making it
      even harder to design since we also need to maintain and making sure the
      redesign will not accidently breaks anything. Core learning: While
      designing something we should be focusing on maintainability,
      extensibility, scalability.
3. Prioritizing/ Estimation In context of sprint estimation and prioritization,
I will aim for low index of carry-over. In contrary, if there's not enough
story, I'll try to weight between pulling in appropriate story or helping other
completing their story. This decision will based off of team goals and OKRs.
Previously, I usually get sidetracked to all the tech debt and too focused in
fixing it all. This sometimes backfire us making what being prioritized is not
achievable in a aligned timeline between Tech and Product. So, this aspect of
improvement is also important. We need to consider weighting between technical
perfection and team goals/OKRs. Not too much, not too little. Core context:
Knowing what to do and when to do based on aligned team expectation means
faster achievement towards the same goal also with less defects.

# Team contribution I'll be focusing on below aspects derived from Software
Engineer Career path comparing with my achievement so far.

1. Goals - Focused and actively working towards team goals and OKRs For Q3 and
Q4 2023, there are multiple focuses for Activities Booking team which I've been
owning and contributing to. Ones to mention are
    - OpenAI's ChatGPT - Two projects I've been assigned for are Google PPC
      Keyword generator and Activity LLM service - I've had an opportunities to
      learn further on how to properly utilizing the technology for future
      implementations which is also happen to be the team's goal.
    - Pricing - big one to mention, both step downlift and promocode, These
      considered to be a big achievement for Activities to be included into a
      pricing world. I've had a big opportunity to be included into both
      implementation and design discussion which also helps improve my system
      design and coding skill.
    - Some notable mention
        - SSR Badges - Although this is mostly front-end changes, but I also
          had a chance to learn doing MVP design which can easily be
          implemented and also open the space for the system to grows without
          wasting any foundation work.
        - KTO discount campaign - This teach me to be flexible in design by
          allowing product driven implementation without losing any technical
          excellence.
        - GTTD Automation - Big milestone to always try finding a way to
          eliminate all repetitive work by introducing an automated solution
          from technical side. All in all, these big opportunities not just
          helping me improve my skill as individual but also helps improve my
          communication, idea discussion, goal setting, stakeholders
          expectation skills.
2. Communications and Collaborations across team with Both IT and Non-IT. As
technical skill grows, my communication skill is also growing from
participating in multiple projects or even just a bug fixes. For example,
projects where we need to come up with the design that is feasible for Product,
Marketing, or CEG, e.g. Promocode, Multiple marketing campaigns. Or some pure
technical communication where sometimes, not many people in the team know the
structure of it, e.g. Booking team's test environment, CEGAPI and TravelBO,
DevOps related stuff. Although, most of the time, we are working in an
environment where almost everyone is having a technical background. Sometimes,
this even applies to non-IT people.But, having an ability to translate from a
technical terms to a common terms allowing us to be able to communicate
effectively with non-technical people is still a big key to success. Basically
knowing the way to communicate with people's background help setting the
expectations for both of us allowing more efficient communication with less
misunderstanding.
3. Participating in War rooms and taking action From the previous iteration,
I've not participating much in war room and unplanned GIN. But as I've grown
more knowledge, this iteration I've participating in multiple war rooms. I've
grown understanding on what action to be taking in the war room both in an
investigation process and also cooperation process. When and where to reach out
for help if it's across team scope and which scope of ownership falls in to
which team. Big part of the learning is to continuously updating the status for
all stakeholders to be aligned on what is happening also what action have been
taken so far and also lesson learnt from each war room so we can further
improve to mitigate or even prevent the issue from happening again.

# Culture I'll be focusing on below aspects derived from Software Engineer
Career path comparing with my achievement so far.

1. Communications - Giving and receiving Feedback, idea discussion One best
task to improve my communication should be the onboard process for Mayur. I've
developed multiple aspect of communication on both Technical and also
Behavioural. For example, what should be the correct method of providing and
receiving the direct feedback without sounding harsh. Or, how should the
onboarding process be documented, so part of it can be asynchronous for the new
joiner. These traits can also be applied to any kinds of communications not
just for onboarding process.
2. Taking ownership Owning Epics, both Product and Tech driven.
    - LLM service and any subproject regarding ChatGPT scripting - For ChatGPT
      scripting specifically, knowledge has already been shared to entire team
      through cheat sheet created on Zoidberg and later on once Activity LLM
      service is available for contributing, the knowledge sharing session will
      be hosted accordingly.
    - Athena case tracking overhaul - After the implementation is done,
      knowledge is shared through Confluence page. Core learning: Always make
      sure that the knowledge is not bottled at only one person so, that
      everyone in the team will be able to support and maintaining the service
      seamlessly.
3. Be vocal and logical in discussions/meetings and organization's directions
For this iteration, I'm more familiar with the responsibility, tech,
organization structure. This also reflect to my role in a meeting. I've both
attend/organize multiple design and discussion meetings both in Activities and
across team. Fews to mentioned (considerably the teams contribution) are,
    - Development improvement within Activities team
        - Vault redesign - This allow more secure code base since there's no
          leaked API key on both QA and PROD in a codebase. Also, this allow
          more
        - Centralized Postman - This allow devs to have better productivity as
          we don't need to maintain each owns API collections and allowing
          everyone to be able to contribute and maintaining the latest version
          of it.
    - Promocode - Props to across team contribution in brainstorming the idea
      to generalizing the system which also complied to the company direction
      on multi product. Core leaning: As I've participating in more discussion,
      leads me to the conclusion that we cannot know anything, and to always
      ask a question and there's no dumb question. More questions get answered,
      the better the result will be.
4. New Technologies For 2nd half of the year, I've been exploring the usage of
LLM through ChatGPT which is almost completely new technologies for me. I've
learned both Technical and Behavioural aspect in this exploration. Basically we
are having the use case waiting for this exploration but I was taking too long
exploring the technology from getting sidetracked to all the technical details
and alternatives. Core learning: Move fast and try experiment the idea whether
it'll be achievable/ beneficial, so we can have the early feedback on what we
lacks and what we can improve.

# What are the top strengths you bring to your role that help you achieve
success? (List 1-3 areas)
- Knowledge sharing - There's no harm in sharing what you know. Sometimes
  people are reluctant to ask, sharing what you know help close those gap
  meaning less misinformation.
- Open to feedback/Adaptability - Considering myself working for just barely 3
  years, there's so much more thing that i still don't know. Having this
  mindset allowing me to learn from people who are both more and less senior
  than me.

# What are the top areas of development you need to focus on in the next 6
months to be more successful in your role? (List 1-3 areas)
- Ability to quickly learning new things - As company strategy to change to
  Kotlin is more mature and we are starting to grow to new service, having this
  ability will help me quickly adjusting myself allowing for seamless
  transition.
- Onboarding - Having onboarded new people once is still not enough for me to
  say that I can do this comfortably for the next time, so I'll keep this focus
  and trying to improve as I'll be aiming to be in more senior role in the
  future.

# Off the top of your head, list the things you need to achieve to be
successful in the next 6 months (business and behaviors)
- Be able to generate ideas - this is one of the development goal that I need
  to focus on if I wanted to grow further in this career path.
- Communications - focusing on more chance to be able to run the meeting/
  owning more RFCs will definitely improving my ability to explain thing in a
  simple way, smoother explainations.
- Prompting - As I've already started to working with LLM, there's still many
  more opportunities to try and improve the process with prompting. So, mention
  it here will be a good place to reminding myself.
