# **Individual Contribution** This performance review iteration, I mostly
focused on maintainability, extensibility, and scalability of the system to
ensure ease of support and future enhancements. Here’s some achievement I have
so far.

- Take part on the implementation of the Promocode feature, enabling customers
  to book Agoda activities with promocodes expected to boost sales
  significantly. With coding best practices in mind, I also ensured
  high-quality, maintainable code.
- Following from 2nd half of 2023 RFC and design review on utilizing LLM model
  in activities. I successfully Integrated the activity-llm service with the
  1st deliverables to enhance SEO through content rewriting (and translation).
  Also investigated and implemented a method to verify prompting results using
  another LLM model for integration testing, ensuring the quality of the
  content produced.
- Exploring and designing the backend side of the new Promocode feature, wallet
  and auto-apply. Also planning capacity to handle the workload efficiently in
  Q3.
- Design and implement Pricing Bucket Fence, allowing the marketing team to run
  discount campaigns based on activity groups, and enable activities owned MSP
  process.
- Contributed to designing and implementing scripts for rewriting activity
  information using the LLM service, improving our SEO score.
- Manage BAU task as a triage (or even without being one) including fixing
  bugs, and assisting the CEG on athena bug.

# **Team Contribution**
- Led and contributed to multiple projects including ****Promocode, Pricing
  Bucket Fence, LLM Service and SEO. These projects not only improved my
  technical skills but also enhanced my communication (not only in IT aspect
  but also with non-IT people), goal setting, and stakeholder management
  abilities.
- Managed the Postman team subscription, coordinating with procurement and
  maintaining an up-to-date list of team members. This initiative streamlined
  development by providing a unified set of API request/response examples,
  enhancing team productivity.
- Fixed multiple bugs, ensuring accurate downlift features, and proper handling
  of pricing experiments. This grant an opportunities to work closely with
  people outside the team both marketing and Pricing Tech which naturally makes
  me a representative to the entire team.
- Improved the triage process by simplifying steps and creating run books, FAQs
  and steps for frequent tasks.

# **Culture**
- Improved communication skills, particularly in mentoring processes. Developed
  methods for giving and receiving feedback constructively. Asking questions
  and engaging in discussions leads to better results and understanding.
- Actively sharing knowledge to others, in the same time also actively learning
  from others on the part we have less expertise.
- Took ownership of key epics, including the Promocode and Pricing Bucket Fence
  projects, ensuring successful implementation and team knowledge sharing.
- Participated in and sometimes led design and discussion meetings, both within
  the Activities team and across other teams.

# What are the top strengths you bring to your role that help you achieve
success? (List 1-3 areas)
- Ability to see the bigger picture when solving or designing the feature :
  After doing in-depth analysis I often widen the focus to end to end. By
  looking at the big picture, it also help breakdown my thought process which
  make it less likely to miss some small detail.
- Communication : Keeping all the stakeholders up-to-date with what have been
  done and what is the next step allowing everyone to set the expectation on
  each deliveries.

# What are the top areas of development you need to focus on in the next 6
months to be more successful in your role? (List 1-3 areas)
- Designing scalable system and resource planning : Since early of the year,
  our service got bombarded with the surge of traffic from multiple bots/users.
  And when working on SEO we also found the issue with LLM service that is not
  being designed to be scaled easily. So, having this skill to design and
  handle these early on would be beneficial to be in the future projects.
- Improving the mentor ability and mindset e.g. hosting more knowledge sharing
  session, compiling training materials and starting to invest on how to
  give/take feedback.

# Off the top of your head, list the things you need to achieve to be
successful in the next 6 months (business and behaviors)
- Be able to set clear goal and step to achieve those.  Multiple times I
  underestimate thing and investing the time in some details too much. So,
  being able to set clear goal daily, short term, long term will help me get
  rid of this trait and improve my ability overall
- Big scale project management, this will improve my planning, observing,
  mentoring, communication skill all in one go.
