# **Individual Contribution** This iteration, my main focus is dedicated to
shipping the pricing module migration in activity-search, from building an RFC
to launching the experiment. And some of “this and that” along the way e.g.
auto applied and price peek promocode, extra pricing fences, etc. As pricing
module was such a big achievement for me, I’ll be focusing on that. Here’s some
achievement I have so far. I learned and improved many aspect while designing
and implementing the pricing module. Starting from drafting the RFC, we had a
goal to pull out all pricing calculation related logic from bloated
activity-search repo as well as aiming towards the ease of moving to another
module/system, if we ever need to migrate to common pricing calculation between
funnel. While designing, I tried to based all the code architecture to support
reusability/scalability, at least in activities funnel. This aspect of the
design made pricing module logic easy to comprehend, since we don’t need to
wrap around our head and trying to understand pricing logic of each different
endpoints. After the RFC have been approved, I mainly focus on implementing
simple and efficient code, since we had a pain point in previous pricing logic
where only some certain veteran devs in activities would be able to understand
and edit the code effectively. While keeping the code clean, it also helps make
the testing easy and straight forward. We can list down all the happy and
expected edge case with just a glance, allowing us to write a unit test in a
more definitive way. With all the groundwork from coding and testing laid, it
allow us to actually understand the business use case and all the foreseeable
exceptions, this aspect allow us to effectively log and measure the expected
behavior and setting up useful alerts to the correct group of users. All these
points combined, pricing module epic tremendously enhanced me in multiple
skillsets, ranging from software design, coding, testing quality and
maintainability, observability, scope of ownership to knowledge sharing. Apart
from pricing module, I still routinely fulfill my role in
investigating/implementing features in other epics, some notable mentions are
auto applied and price peek promocode, new activities specific fences at PLECS
and soybean, new pricing experiment allocation. Also, handling other BAU tasks
as a triage. On this iteration as team splitting and responsibilities are more
settled, I got a chance to actually driving deep into team’s scope and gaining
expertise on e.g. core pricing and activities specific pricing logic, developer
tools and DX improvements. As I gained deeper knowledge on these aspects, I can
apply it and actually creating impact for both team and activities
organization.

- actively participate in design discussion with both tech, PO, and design team
  on auto-apply and price peek promocode epic
- Help onboarding Kishoj into the team and mentoring Mameaw a bit on scala code
  during the pricing-module implementation.
- try to share tech related tools, and knowledges during team’s and activities
  BE knowledge sharing session e.g. creating new Datagrip project to store
  activities related databases for  people in activities easily maintain  lists
  of database connections, lessen time needed to find correct database
  connection strings to be able to investigate/testing.
- giving hands to team mate on proficient topics e.g. promocodes , pricing
  module, pricing fences, hadoop sql data replication, etc.

# **Culture**
- Taking ownership on migrating pricing calculation to pricing module and
  initiating the idea to splitting ownership in activity-search by module
  between search and marketing team.
- Managing team OKRs and pushing it to finish by agreed timeline, or if it’s
  not according to plan, communicate it out to all stakeholders early to align
  the expectations.
- Actively sharing knowledge to others, in the same time also actively learning
  from others on the part I have less expertise on. Also, trying to keep
  neutral on any discussion and don’t judge things too early

# What are the top strengths you bring to your role that help you achieve
success? (List 1-3 areas)
- Simplifying things: e.g. process, knowledge, coding. I usually focusing on
  making thing efficient with least effort. So, this aspect helps save my time
  when get assigned tasks.
- Adaptability: Easily adapt to people, tech stack, environment, resulting in
  stable velocity and output under different environment

# What are the top areas of development you need to focus on in the next 6
months to be more successful in your role? (List 1-3 areas)
- Data visualization and measurement and observability. There’s multiple times
  I spent too long on some ad-hoc request (both during triage/non-triage
  period) when actually I can just spend a little more time to properly
  visualize data and make it easily extensible to other use cases. This can
  also improve my debugging skill when things gone wrong.
- Technical proficiency: to follow industry trend and also company direction, I
  wanted to get to know kotlin (and also Rust) syntax and performance measures.

# Off the top of your head, list the things you need to achieve to be
successful in the next 6 months (business and behaviors)
- being better at documenting and hands off. I spent too much time documenting
  something to hand it off to the user, which sometimes doesn’t actually giving
  out much benefit to them
- Performances: focusing more on performances related aspect of the existing
  services. I still haven’t really invest time to learn this.
